Once you start the car.
put it in neutral.
Tap the brake twice.
And press the volume control
three times.
You're looking at the best trap
money can buy...
RFID safe.
X-ray won't penetrate.
You could hide a nuke in there.
nobody wouldn't know nothing.
Just because I'm Middle Eastern.
you think I'm smuggling a nuke?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Unlock your doors
and trunk. please.
Where are you headed
tonight. sir?
Climate change conference
in Chicago.
In this gas guzzler?
ID. please.
Wait here a sec.
- Sure.
- Yeah.
OK. One sec.
Nikki?
- Yeah.
Border Patrol's on the line.
A POI hit at the Champlain
border crossing.
- Hey.
Yeah. we got it.
Should we detain him. ma'am?
How fast can you
reroute a satellite?
Oh. give me 60 seconds?
- You get 30.
Yeah.
Let him through.
We'll keep an eye out.
You're free to go.
All right.
And. sir?
Welcome to America.
Three-bedroom?
Sounds expensive.
Huh? I... I was saying
that's exciting.
When do we meet the realtor?
Katie. I think I'm losing you.
I'm heading in the elevator.
Yeah. I...
- Evening.
They change it every week.
Thanks for telling me.
- Sorry.
Must have slipped my mind.
Oh. arriving together.
What is this. a sleepover?
Gina. you have something for us?
Yes. this is Omar Hayel.
freelance courier.
Shuttles weapons and other
contraband for everyone
from Iran to ISIS.
And. lucky us. he just
crossed into our border
with unknown cargo.
Surveillance satellite
tracked him to a motel
in Plattsburgh.
Appears to be holed up
for the night.
Who the hell let him in?
I did. Bill.
Sorry.
All due respect... why?
Known weapons smuggler
carrying God knows what.
Shouldn't we scoop him up
before something goes boom?
He's just the bagman.
I want to know who's expecting
a bag and what's in it.
Yeah. Exactly.
You don't arrest
the postman if you
want to catch the Unabomber.
Local PD is sitting
on the perimeter right now.
but they'll only move
if he bolts.
I'll talk to counterterrorism
and see what they've got
on Hayel.
OK.
Right.
I'm driving. by the way.
I'd quite like
to get there this year.
Do you have a license?
This is the guy right here.
isn't it?
- Yeah.
What was his name?
Officer Malloy.
Officer Malloy?
- Yo.
Hey. Can you tell us
what you saw. mate?
The guy checked
into room 118 last night.
No one's come in or out since.
Thanks for the OT. guys.
Stay warm.
I'll try.
Well. get comfortable.
We could be watching
that door awhile.
Well. you watch.
I plan on listening.
I assume you have
a warrant for that.
"What's a warrant?"
Oh. now he's getting it.
Here. hold that.
Hey.
Omar Hayel.
who's he working with?
Right. Hayel.
So he used to be
strictly freelance.
"DHL for the damned."
But now. get this. our sources
say he's on contract
with the Lebanese military.
Why's Lebanon need
someone like him?
Do you follow baseball?
Not really.
Oh. it's a beautiful game.
It's a perfect metaphor
for international security.
If you want to go to a game
sometime...
- Kevin.
- Yeah.
The point.
Lebanon's in a rebuilding phase.
They're desperate
for new prospects.
Historically. they don't operate
outside the Middle East.
Just listening and surveillance.
Defensive specialists.
But Hayel signals
an intent to change
the face of the franchise.
They're not looking
to play defense anymore.
They want to score...
big-time.
They're not just
listening anymore.
They're planning an attack.
Grand slam.
Are you waiting for me
to say that was pretty slick?
Oh. I think the slickness
was self-evident.
Debatable.
Homemade protein bar?
All organic.
100% bioavailable plant protein.
- Yeah. I'm good.
Thanks.
I prefer my nutrition processed
and carcinogenic. thank you.
Do you want to answer that?
Not particularly.
It's my fiancée. Katie.
We were supposed to go
condo hunting this week.
third time I've canceled.
I only know so many synonyms
for "I'm sorry."
You're engaged?
How am I only just
learning this?
Well. maybe if you ever asked
me a single personal question.
So you've been married?
No.
If you have someone
you care about.
then you have a weakness.
And weakness gets you killed.
But congratulations.
We got company.
Pelican case.
- Yeah.
He's delivering a poison.
You speak Arabic?
Pretty slick. huh?
Untraceable on tox report.
Instantly deadly.
For a hit on a...
Who is that?
- OK.
Let's just keep eyes on her.
See if she leads us somewhere.
Nope. Not waiting.
Oh. God.
You're under arrest.
Wait! Wait!
Who are you?
My name is Mona Azar.
I'm an intelligence officer
for the Lebanese military.
I want to defect.
Sit.
You tackle like a man
with significant rage issues.
You should look into that.
You say you want to defect?
We're gonna need an explanation.
Who are you guys. anyway?
You. you're FBI.
Posture's a dead giveaway.
But you. Stubbles.
you're trouble.
What kind. I wonder?
You're right.
He is FBI.
- Mm.
Which means he can arrest you
here for these two murders.
So. Bill. why don't you go
and call it in?
Happily.
Wait. No.
Hold on.
I work for the Deuxième Bureau.
What. you're Second Bureau?
Mm-hmm.
Black ops wing
of the Lebanese military.
They sent me here to take out
a target in New York.
But I got cold feet.
I'm done killing for the state.
Could've fooled me.
Omar Hayel. was he your target?
- No.
Hayel was my ride.
So who was your target. then?
Your original mission.
I was supposed
to meet my contact tonight
to get the details.
His name is Khalil Malib.
director of the Levant
Cultural Exchange in Astoria.
Mona Azar's story checks out.
Her contact. Khalil Malib?
Counterterrorism has been
watching him for years.
They think he's using
his cultural center
as a recruitment hub
for radicals.
He recruits Americans
with Middle Eastern roots.
We have nothing concrete
on Malib.
He keeps his hands clean.
He is totally insulated.
He's insulated from us
but not from Mona.
Protocol says we take defectors
to Langley for debrief.
but if she misses
her meet with Malib.
Beirut will just find
another assassin
and go ahead with the hit.
- Right.
So we use her as bait.
take her to that meeting.
we stay in the loop.
make a bigger play.
Exactly.
We play this right.
we don't just stop this attack.
We dismantle
their entire network.
You're so tense.
If you uncuff me.
I can give you a shoulder rub.
You touch me. I'm adding assault
to the double homicide charge.
Relax.
I'm on your side now.
You're not on my anything.
Those guys under a sheet back
there. they were on your side.
And you killed them.
- Spy craft isn't a religion.
It's a game.
I played for my team.
You caught me.
Now I switch jerseys
and play for yours.
Mm.
Beats spending life in prison.
Or worse. Plattsburgh.
I bet you spent your
whole life being a good boy.
following the rules.
That's why you're so angry.
She's got you pegged. Bill.
We picked up a tail.
Black SUV.
OK.
Bill. get ready to engage.
Hold on. everybody.
Go. Go. go. go.
- Down!
Down. down. down.
Come on.
How the hell did they find us?
Your shoulder.
You need stitches.
- I'm fine.
Some more of your friends?
- No.
No idea who they are.
I swear.
- All right.
Thanks. Nikki.
Nikki know how they tracked us?
Officer Malloy.
The cop watching the motel.
He never clocked out
of his shift.
Apparently. they found his car
in the bottom of a ditch.
Found him. Broke him.
Yeah.
He must have given them
our plates.
Both these cars are shot anyway.
We better move.
They might have backup
right behind them.
Nikki just told me
her ex-husband's got
a vacation home a couple
of miles up the road.
She said to make our way there.
lay low.
and await further orders.
So come on.
- Let me guess.
Another cleanup crew?
Yep.
Any luck identifying
the hit team?
Yes.
All right.
contractors for a company
called Northlake Defense.
Guns for hire. work for anyone
whose money's green.
Payment originated
from a shell company in Cyprus.
Financial front
for the Second Bureau.
What twigged them to Mona?
The courier who smuggled Mona
into the country.
he must have had
a check-in protocol.
When he missed it.
Second Bureau hired
Biff One and Biff Two
for cleanup.
Which means?
We can't send Mona
into the cultural center.
Plan A just crashed and burned.
Mm. I want everything
on Khalil Malib.
If he was rejected by the JV
soccer team. I want to know.
- Yes.
On it.
Um. for what?
Plan B.
All right.
What are they paying you people?
- Sit down.
Don't move.
Nikki's ex is the rich one.
Apparently. she rejected alimony
because she didn't
want to accept
hush money from a narcissist.
- You OK?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
I just reopened the graze.
- Hey.
That's... that's not a graze.
That's a trench.
Yeah. I just got to tighten
this. and it'll be good.
They have a first aid kit here.
I can do your stitches.
And let you near me
with a needle?
Not a chance.
My dad was a doctor.
I mean. if you lose an arm.
you can't shoot a gun.
Relax.
I'm good. but I'm not
kill-a-man-with-a-suture-needle
good.
OK?
Your dad taught you?
Mm-hmm.
Were you close?
Extremely.
My father spent his life trying
to keep people on this Earth.
I spent mine finding
the most efficient ways
to take them off it.
There.
Thanks.
Your dad would be proud.
Thank you.
My mother was a chef.
by the way.
Oh. really?
Let me share this
with you as a thank-you
for the second chance.
I could eat.
Oh. pardon.
What can I get you?
Hi. um.
I just wanted some tea.
We have many kinds of teas.
Oh. well. I just wanted...
regular.
Give her a Chai-e Irani
with nabat.
It's a saffron rock candy.
You stir it in. and it
sweetens the bitterness.
- Oh.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I've walked past this place
just a million times.
- Mm.
- I've never come in.
You're Persian?
- Hmm?
Oh. well. my parents were.
Then you are as well.
Do you speak the language?
No. not a word.
My parents came here
during the revolution.
so they wanted us to be
very American.
So now I can't even order tea.
Mm. that's a common story.
To survive in the new world.
we...
sometimes starve the old one.
Oh.
I have a place
for people who want
to learn where they came from.
You are welcome there.
day or night.
Thank you.
Found this in the closet.
Not quite my style.
but it'll do.
Well. that's $2.000 worth
of goat hair.
Try not to bleed all over it.
No promises.
This would be a lot easier
if you hadn't
taken away the knives.
Well. keep up the good behavior.
and Bill may allow you a spork.
Let's not get carried away.
Could you grab the lid for me?
Sure.
Thank you.
Mmm.
Good.
but never as good as my Emmeh's.
Agent Bill.
your mother a good cook?
Her pot roast?
My death row meal.
Colin.
what was Mummy's specialty?
Well. I grew up in England.
so "boiled until grey"
is our national cuisine.
- Come on.
- She had to make something.
Well. I didn't really
get much of my mum's cuisine.
She passed away when I was 10.
And then my dad left us
three months later.
Hmm.
But. um.
I do remember
Sundays after church.
she'd always buy
a packet of Fruit Gums.
And she knew that I hated
the yellow ones.
so she'd always have my yellows
and give me her reds.
She probably hated
the yellow ones too.
That's what a mother does.
Well. it won't be as good
as Fruit Gums.
but it'll have to do.
Mmm.
Switch with Colin's.
What. you think I have
a cyanide tablet in my tooth?
I think you're
an assassin who knows
a lot of creative ways
to kill people.
OK.
Really?
All right.
OK.
Good enough?
Come on. Eat.
Yeah. it's good enough for me.
Mmm.
Mmm!
Oh. wow!
Hell. I'm hungry.
Mmm.
Wow.
I'm not normally a spice guy.
but that's incredible.
Your friend has excellent
taste in canned peppers.
but they will sneak up on you.
Yeah.
OK.
Cheers.
To... to mothers.
To America.
I'll always drink to that.
You weren't lying.
Those peppers are no joke.
Yeah. I can... ooh. I can
barely feel my tongue.
You know. this totally
reminds me of a meal
that I had in Aleppo in...
it was. like. 2014.
It was...
in...
Colin. you OK?
In...
What the hell is...
Whoa.
The water.
You...
you poisoned...
Very good deduction. Agent Bill.
I found muscle relaxers
in the emergency kit.
crushed them into the pitcher.
You Westerners
never could take spice.
But don't worry.
You'll only be out
for an hour...
or 10.
Couldn't find
the measuring spoons.
How long were we out?
Oh. almost two hours.
Oh.
Go on and say it.
I can hear you
screaming it in your head:
"I told you so."
- You said it. not me.
But I did warn you.
Oh. here we go.
She played you.
Sniffed out
your abandonment issues.
Knew you were just desperate
for a hug from mommy.
She cracked you open
like a walnut
and forced your guard down.
Oh. and you maintained
peak situational awareness.
What are we doing?
She's got a two-hour head start.
We got to get out of here.
I need to call Nikki.
She took my gun.
No. she didn't.
That's just great.
Did you check the garage
when we got here?
I'm driving this time.
No chance.
They let a Tier One prisoner
get away? How?
It's a question I'm sure
I'm gonna ask many times
at our after-action debrief.
Let's just back up
and focus on what we know.
Mona only claimed to defect
after Colin and Bill caught her.
Right. So you think
this was all a ruse?
She was scrambling. looking
for her first way to escape?
Her original plan is burned.
She can't meet her contact
at the cultural center.
She knows we're gonna
have eyes on that place.
So where is she gonna go?
I think I might know where.
Mona used a laptop
to do a detailed
search on a Samir Allen.
He's a Lebanese-born
naturalized US citizen.
Graduate student
at Hudson University
in biochemical engineering.
Samir could be providing her
another poison or a bomb.
Whatever it is.
she could be back
on her original mission:
to assassinate her target
in New York.
I'll get word back
to Colin and Bill.
They need to intercept her ASAP.
- OK.
- In the meantime.
can you help me
with a distraction?
Can you find
the second-biggest donor
to Malib's cultural center?
- Yeah.
Give me an hour.
I've got 30 minutes.
Right.
Hudson U is the next exit.
Copy that.
Hey. by the way. I'm sorry.
For what?
The crack about
the mummy issues?
- No...
well. yes. that...
I'm sorry for everything
you've been through.
Your mom dying. dad leaving.
You have to be a machine
in this job.
And I'm sorry about that too.
I mean. Katie gives me a reason
to make it home for dinner.
She gives you a pressure point.
The moment you let someone in.
you hand the enemy
a map to your throat.
That is a lonely way
to live. man.
Better to be lonely
than compromised.
Gina. make the call.
Copy.
- Excuse me. Hi.
I'm looking...
I didn't expect
to see you so soon.
Oh. well. you made
such a compelling case.
I thought I'd come
and see for myself.
Well. I am flattered.
Come. Let me show you a
little bit of what we do here.
Sir.
you have a call on line one.
It's the Aldhaibi Foundation.
They want to pull their funding.
Oh. please.
don't let me keep you.
- Eh.
I'm so sorry.
Could you come back tomorrow?
- Yeah. I'd like that.
- Is that OK?
That'd be nice. yeah.
Tomorrow I will
show you the VIP tour.
- OK.
I'll show myself out.
Please.
Thank you for understanding.
Excuse me.
Samir's lab is empty.
His office hours start
in 10 minutes.
She could be
in the building already.
Let's split up.
- Excuse me.
Seen this woman?
No.
- Thank you. Appreciate it.
Excuse me. bud.
Seen this woman?
- No.
- All right.
Excuse me.
Seen this woman?
This a dead end?
Yeah.
Wait.
I've got her.
My four o'clock.
Blue hat. red coat.
You follow her.
Got her.
Excuse me.
You know. where I come from.
it's traditional for the cook
to stay to the end of the meal.
We know you're
procuring another poison
from your supplier.
- How did you...
- Let's skip the part
where you lie.
and take us to Samir Allen.
Samir isn't my supplier.
He's my son.
Oh.
Right.
It's the truth.
I got pregnant 20 years ago.
But I couldn't raise a child.
not in this life.
It would have been cruel.
I paid someone
to bring him here.
He never even knew I existed.
It's the most painful thing
I ever did.
And you really expect us
to believe you never intended
to assassinate your target?
That's right.
My mission from the start
was always finding Samir.
You can lock me up.
but please let me see his face
just once.
- I buy it.
Not sure why.
Well. the thing is. Mona.
you've now put
a target on this kid's back.
Second Bureau knows
you've turned.
If they know you have
a son here...
and we have to assume they do...
they'll look
for any leverage they can.
OK.
Come on.
Uh. can I help you?
Samir?
- Sorry.
Do I know you?
Samir. we believe
you're being targeted
by a foreign
intelligence agency.
You need to come with us.
- What? Come with?
Wait. Who the hell are you?
We're with the US government.
And this is Mona.
She's traveled
a long way to find you.
She's your...
- Mother.
I'm your mother.
You look just like my papa.
Your eyes.
they're just like his.
OK. Samir. we can explain in
the car. but we need to move.
Can I. uh.
pack a few things first?
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Please. this is my life's work.
OK. fine. but be quick.
We may not have much time.
Can you hand me that frame?
These are your parents?
They look kind.
I've rehearsed this moment
so many times.
There's so much I want to say.
Well. maybe you can
say it all in the car.
Samir. come on.
We cannot pack up
your whole lab.
Just give me a second. OK?
In the past five minutes.
my estranged mother
shows up with two guys
from the government to tell me
that I've got
a target on my back.
So forgive me if I'm
a little scattered. fellas.
It's a lot to process.
- Nikki.
- Hey.
Are you with Samir right now?
Yeah. Why?
- OK.
I'm gonna send you a photo.
Samir is a Second Bureau
sleeper.
They recruited him
at the cultural center.
They radicalized him
and trained him
in improvised munitions.
I think they tapped him
to finish
the job that Mona started.
- OK.
Well. we'll... we'll take that
under advisement.
- Just excuse me a sec.
- Samir!
Stay where you are!
Hey!
Out!
Get out now!
This place is gonna blow.
Go! Go! Go! Go!
They turned my son.
Why?
Why him?
Because he's your son.
They knew what makes him tick.
how to manipulate him.
I mean.
he's the perfect recruit.
And now he's gonna
finish the job.
Yeah. with some sort
of improvised explosive.
Gina. have you
accessed the files yet?
Last few hours.
Samir's search history
has been tailored towards
plastic printing companies.
Any idea what he's printed?
Uh. it looks like
an ID badge
for St. Michael's Hospital.
That's where his target is.
Yeah. yeah.
I mean. it's the perfect
kill box. isn't it?
He can walk in masked up
like a doctor or nurse.
No one would bat an eyelid.
Should I have them
evacuate the hospital?
No.
If he's already inside.
he'll just detonate
the bomb in the chaos.
- Agreed.
You guys need
to find the target.
We'll get there and nab Samir.
Copy.
Don't hurt him.
Promise me.
We'll do everything we can.
He could be anyone. anywhere.
We need to split up.
- Yeah.
I'll take the east wing.
You take west.
Yeah.
Zeeb. Gina. come on.
Give us a fighting chance here.
Any news on finding
Samir's target?
Uh. scanning. pulling.
Violating all sorts
of HIPAA laws.
Do I even bother
saying how illegal...
- Wait.
I got something.
- Guess not.
- Rami Abbas. Lebanese exile.
Outspoken critic
of the current regime.
threatening to return to Beirut
and run as a reformist.
Sounds like the kind of target
Lebanese armed forces
would want to take out.
Where is he?
- He's going into surgery.
OR 6.
Oh. but that wing's
closed to the public.
OK.
Tried to tell him.
OK. OK.
I've got eyes on Abbas.
I think I see Samir.
Hey. Samir!
Samir! Get off me!
- All right. buddy. let's go.
Samir!
Lock this floor down now!
He's headed for the stairwell.
- Back!
Stay back.
- Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Samir. Samir. Samir. easy.
Easy.
No. Look at me.
You don't want to do this. mate.
There's no way out of this.
I let go of this.
and this whole building's
gonna go down with me.
Bill. put the gun down.
Samir. look at me.
Look at me.
We've got this. right?
You and me have got this.
Bill. put the gun down.
Hey.
You don't want
to do this. do you?
- You don't know me.
- No.
You're right.
I don't.
But trust me. I have seen people
blow themselves up before.
and they have a very different
look in their eyes.
Samir. you're not a killer.
You're a... you're a student.
You're an engineer.
You're a friend.
You're a son.
But you're not...
- I'm a soldier.
I'm doing this for my people.
No. No. mate. you're not.
You are doing this right now
because you are terrified.
And that's OK.
That's OK.
Emotions are what make us human.
And that's the one thing
they can't let you be.
'cause they need you
to be a machine.
I'm fulfilling my mission.
You blew your mission
the moment you met your mum.
She abandoned me.
Is that what they said
when they recruited you.
that she abandoned you?
It's the truth.
No. mate.
I think she was trying
to keep you safe.
But they picked at that wound.
didn't they?
They rubbed salt in it
till it was really hurting.
And I know. because my people
did the same thing to me
when they recruited me.
They knew that my mum died
when I was 12 years old
and that my dad walked out
three months later.
He didn't even leave a note.
And they pushed and pressed
on that bruise.
And they pressed.
and they pressed.
Said I didn't need a family
because they were my family.
Yeah?
But it's not too late
for you. Samir.
You still have time.
and you still have a choice.
No. I don't.
I have nothing.
Hey. hey. hey.
Your mother.
she just risked everything
to spend five minutes with you.
And she is waiting for you
downstairs.
I think there's something
still there to salvage. mate.
Don't let them win.
Come on.
Come see your mum.
Good lad.
I just want to say goodbye.
Yeah.
Sorry.
That's not happening.
I spoke to DOJ.
He didn't kill anyone.
He's cooperating.
He could be out in five.
And what will happen to me?
You keep feeding us
intelligence.
you'll get defector status.
a new life.
"A new life."
The mother goes free
while the child pays the price.
What kind of "life" is that?
They are monsters. you know.
On both sides.
Agent Bill.
be careful.
How is she holding up?
She sacrificed everything
and got nothing for it.
I'd say she's
taking it in stride.
Well. she's not
the only one talking.
What. Malib?
Folded like a TV tray. did he?
He gave up everyone.
Great work.
You know. the FBI is rolling up
three dozen sleeper cells
as we speak.
You guys didn't just stop
one assassination.
You crippled
their entire network.
Huh.
You know. you two
almost look like partners.
If you squint.
But not too hard.
Could pop a blood vessel.
So does this mean I've got
to give the car back?
We barely
got to know each other.
- Oh. no.
Keep it for the night.
My ex won't miss it.
And if he does. even better.
I was hoping you'd say that.
Mm-hmm.
- Good night.
- Night.
I meant to tell you.
It was really moving.
how you handled Samir.
Oh.
Thanks.
Barely remember what I said.
to be honest.
I remember.
You told him how your mom died
when you were 12.
But you told Mona you were 10.
Is any of it true?
Does it matter?
♪ Mama told me ♪
♪ When I was young ♪
♪ Sit beside me. my only son ♪
I am home.
♪ And listen closely ♪
Katie?
♪ To what I say
You here?
♪ Oh. if you do this.
it'll help you ♪
♪ Some sunny day ♪
♪ Oh. yeah
♪ Oh. take your time ♪
♪ Don't live too fast ♪
♪ Troubles will come ♪
♪ And they will pass ♪
♪ You'll find a woman ♪
♪ And you'll find love ♪
♪ And don't forget. son.
there is someone ♪
♪ Up above ♪
♪ Oh. don't you worry
♪ You'll find yourself ♪
♪ Follow your heart ♪
♪ And nothing else ♪
♪ And you can do this.
oh. baby ♪
Don't make a move!
♪ If you try ♪
You're home!
Yes. I am. buddy.
Mwah.
Missed you.
I thought you had to work late.
Well. I thought
you liked surprises.
I do.
And you're just in time
for dinner.
Mm.
I missed you too.
Come sit.
So are you gonna lay
a place for me. mister?
OK.
All right.
so what's on the menu. then?
Max. what's on the menu?
We have some bread and salad.
Oh. let's go.
Lovely.
Did you do any cooking yourself?
♪ Be a simple man ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm